docs/contributing.rst, before:

Contributing
============
You can contribute to the project in a number of ways.  Code is always good,
bugs are interesting but tests make your famous!

Bug reports or feature enhancements that include a test are given preferential treatment. So instead of voting for an issue, write a test.


Code
-----

1.  Fork the repository on `Bitbucket <https://bitbucket.org/dundeemt/pysftp>`_ .

2.  Make a virtualenv, clone the repos, install the deps from `pip install -r requirements-dev.txt`

3.  Write any new tests needed and ensure existing tests continue to pass without modification.

  a.  Setup CI testing on drone.io for your Fork.  See `current script <https://drone.io/bitbucket.org/dundeemt/pysftp/admin>`_ .

  b. As of verion 0.2.9, no tests are run against a public SFTP server.  Keeping a server available was/is problematic and made for brittle testing. Becuase of this, we now use the pytest-sftpserver plugin for many tests.  Testing features the concern authentication or authorization, i.e. different login types, chmod, chown have to be run against a local sshd and not the plugin as it does NOT support these types of tests.

  c. You will need to setup an ssh daemon on your local machine and create a user: test with password of test1357 -- Tests that can only be run locally are skipped using the ``@skip_if_ci decorator`` so they don't fail when the test suite is run on the CI server.

4.  Ensure that your name is added to the end of the :doc:`authors` file using the format Name <email@domain.com> (url), where the (url) portion is optional.

5.  Submit a Pull Request to the project on Bitbucket.


Docs
-----
We use sphinx to build the docs.  ``make html`` is your friend, see docstrings for details on params, etc.

Bug Reports
-----------
If you encounter a bug or some surprising behavior, please file an issue on our `tracker <https://bitbucket.org/dundeemt/pysftp/issues?status=new&status=open>`_

Issue Priorities
----------------
This section lists the priority that will be assigned to an issue.

1. Developer Issues

2. Issues that have a pull request with a test(s) displaying the issue and code change(s) that satisfies the test suite

3. Issues that have a pull request with a test(s) displaying the issue

4. Naked pull requests - a code change request with no accompaning test

5. An issue without a pull request with a test displaying the issue

6. badly documented issue with no code or test - pysftp is not an end-user tool, it is a developer tool and it is expected that issues will be submitted like a developer and not an end-user.  Issues in the realm of "the internet is broke" will be marked as invalid with a comment pointing the submitter to this section.


Testing
--------
Tests specific to an issue should be put in the tests/ directory and the module should be named test_issue_xx.py  The tests within that module should be named test_issue_xx or test_issue_xx_YYYYYY if more than one test.  Pull requests should not modify existing tests. See tests/test_issue_xx.py for a template and further explanation.

Commit message:

updated dev environment to setup pysftp in editable mode, refactored tests to get rid of from common import * and be more explicit.

docs/contributing.rst, after:

Contributing
============
You can contribute to the project in a number of ways.  Code is always good,
bugs are interesting but tests make your famous!

Bug reports or feature enhancements that include a test are given preferential treatment. So instead of voting for an issue, write a test.


Code
-----

1.  Fork the repository on `Bitbucket <https://bitbucket.org/dundeemt/pysftp>`_ .

2.  Install supporting software packages and pysftp in --editable mode

    a.  Make a virtualenv, clone the repos, install the deps from `pip install -r requirements-dev.txt`

    b.  Install pysftp in editable mode, `pip install -e .`

3.  Write any new tests needed and ensure existing tests continue to pass without modification.

  a.  Setup CI testing on drone.io for your Fork.  See `current script <https://drone.io/bitbucket.org/dundeemt/pysftp/admin>`_ .

  b. As of verion 0.2.9, no tests are run against a public SFTP server.  Keeping a server available was/is problematic and made for brittle testing. Becuase of this, we now use the pytest-sftpserver plugin for many tests.  Testing features the concern authentication or authorization, i.e. different login types, chmod, chown have to be run against a local sshd and not the plugin as it does NOT support these types of tests.

  c. You will need to setup an ssh daemon on your local machine and create a user: test with password of test1357 -- Tests that can only be run locally are skipped using the ``@skip_if_ci decorator`` so they don't fail when the test suite is run on the CI server.

4.  Ensure that your name is added to the end of the :doc:`authors` file using the format Name <email@domain.com> (url), where the (url) portion is optional.

5.  Submit a Pull Request to the project on Bitbucket.


Docs
-----
We use sphinx to build the docs.  ``make html`` is your friend, see docstrings for details on params, etc.

Bug Reports
-----------
If you encounter a bug or some surprising behavior, please file an issue on our `tracker <https://bitbucket.org/dundeemt/pysftp/issues?status=new&status=open>`_

Issue Priorities
----------------
This section lists the priority that will be assigned to an issue.

1. Developer Issues

2. Issues that have a pull request with a test(s) displaying the issue and code change(s) that satisfies the test suite

3. Issues that have a pull request with a test(s) displaying the issue

4. Naked pull requests - a code change request with no accompaning test

5. An issue without a pull request with a test displaying the issue

6. badly documented issue with no code or test - pysftp is not an end-user tool, it is a developer tool and it is expected that issues will be submitted like a developer and not an end-user.  Issues in the realm of "the internet is broke" will be marked as invalid with a comment pointing the submitter to this section.


Testing
--------
Tests specific to an issue should be put in the tests/ directory and the module should be named test_issue_xx.py  The tests within that module should be named test_issue_xx or test_issue_xx_YYYYYY if more than one test.  Pull requests should not modify existing tests. See tests/test_issue_xx.py for a template and further explanation.
